---
layout: post
date:   2021-01-07 00:00:00 +0000
---

# Work

I'm still working at FanDuel, recently promoted to a more senior role. It's stressful at times, and there are a lot of things I don't like, but still the best job I've ever had at this point. It's not looking like it'll slow down any time soon, but as long as I'm still enjoying it I don't mind being busy.

# Home

We've adopted a third dog! A wee five-year-old Bedlington Terrier called Harry. [He's a sweet little boy](https://instagram.com/harry.the.lamb), and Charlie and Sid get on with him great.

Also, Danny and I are in the middle of planning our wedding for June 2022. Which is really not that far away. Save-the-dates should be going out later this month, although we've still not really finalised the guest list yet. I'm also in the middle of designing the website for us, which I really need to get moving on. And to complicate the timeline even further, I'm currently in the process of selling my flat (which I talked about [on my blog](https://blog.camerondoyle.co.uk/selling-up/) a little while back) and buying a new place in the city centre. Excited about it, but it'll be a strain financially until Danny and I move out of our current place, so the next few months are a little uncertain. All leading to a good place though!

# Self

I'm (finally) back to sub-20 in the 5k, and in a decent spell of consistent running just now (45-55km per week). Targeting a new personal best in the 5k in the next few months, and after that I'll decide on the rest of my running year.

Currently reading _The Almost Nearly Perfect People_ by Michael Booth, which will be my first book of 2021. Aiming to read 25 this year, which is a fairly modest target, but would be the most I've read in a year since I was in school.

Finally, I realised this year that I've basically stopped listening to podcasts since the first lockdown in March (except for Hey Riddle Riddle and Clue Crew), as I mainly listened to them on my commute to and from the office. I'm not sure if I even really miss them. I may try some bone conduction headphones and listen to them on a run, but I don't really like listening to anything while I run, I prefer to be "in the moment" (without sounding too much like a pretentious bellend).
